What am I looking at?
Just take care of your own two-person world
We don't disturb each other.
Come on, I'll show you our bedroom
Lend me to play, don't go too far
This is your father's house and mine
Strictly speaking
You're just one of my dad's toying with my dad
Are you married?
You're not married?
What right do you have to say this is your home?
Otherwise
You are now a member of the Han family in the capital
Still in our little places
Oops, the Han family in Beijing
That's a big family
After you arrive in the capital
Maybe Qi can still climb the children of the Han family
Stop huohuo, I'm the daughter of the Zhu family
Yes I don't
Maybe the opposite is true.
I didn't report any children of the Han family
You did report a woman from the Han family
Passerby, don't talk nonsense
The Han family in Beijing is a big family
What does it have to do with me?
It doesn't matter to me.
Maybe only you know it.